CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to prefeel-lib

Table of content
Code of conduct

 This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the Atom Code of Conduct. By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to bbvch13531@github.com.

 Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under Issues.

 If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one. Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible, and a code sample or an executable test case demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.

### Before you send pull request
- Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?
- Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.
- Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number if applicable.
- Before submitting, please read the Contributing to prefeel-lib guide to know more about coding conventions and benchmarks.


Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?

Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.

Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number if applicable.

Before submitting, please read the Contributing to Ruby on Rails guide to know more about coding conventions and benchmarks.

Did you fix whitespace, format code, or make a purely cosmetic patch?

Changes that are cosmetic in nature and do not add anything substantial to the stability, functionality, or testability of Rails will generally not be accepted (read more about our rationales behind this decision).

Do you intend to add a new feature or change an existing one?

Do not open an issue on GitHub until you have collected positive feedback about the change. GitHub issues are primarily intended for bug reports and fixes.

Do you have questions about the source code?

Please read Contributing to the prefeel-lib Documentation.

Commit message:

Update Contribute guideline
Signed-off-by: bbvch13531 <bbvch13531@gmail.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to prefeel-lib

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a [code of conduct](https://github.com/bbvch13531/prefeel-lib/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

### Before you open issue
- Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under Issues.
- If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the problem, open a new one. Be sure to include a title and clear description, as much relevant information as possible, and a code sample or an executable test case demonstrating the expected behavior that is not occurring.
- Do not open an issue on GitHub until you have collected positive feedback about the change. GitHub issues are primarily intended for bug reports and fixes.

### Before you send pull request
- Did you write a patch that fixes a bug?
- Open a new GitHub pull request with the patch.
- Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. Include the relevant issue number if applicable.
- Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a build.
- Before submitting, please read the Contributing to prefeel-lib guide to know more about coding conventions and benchmarks.
